The story of CalcMosaic:

===================================================================
    Villeroy's work inspired me the idea to pass the color value to
the BASIC macros in order to run faster.

http://forum.openoffice.org/en/forum/viewtopic.php?f=49&t=55857

    But in the end I still cannot understand Villeroy's code.  He
uses styles which I believe is faster.  But it runs in a different
way than my Calc Mosaic.  I cannot adapt his method.  Also, I really
can not understand how the data work for his horse.  He is so smart.

    Here is my own version.  It is 8 times faster than the previous
version.  Now I learned how to inject and run OpenOffice BASIC macros
with Java UNO.  I also learned that each Java UNO command triggers a
display refresh, which is costly.  OpenOffice BASIC macros does not
trigger refresh, which is why it is faster.

    Thanks for the people in the OpenOffice track of ApacheCon EU
2012, that I have a chance to review my code, rewrite it and
demostrate it.

imacat ^_*'
imacat@mail.imacat.idv.tw
2012-10-08

===================================================================
    The origin of this is a video "Stop-Motion Excel" posted on
YouTube on 2012-08-09.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Fq9EV2fYF2E

    This video quickly caught the media discusussion.  Not only
because it is cool, but also that viewers found the author is not
using Excel, but OpenOffice Calc.  This draw a discussion in the
OpenOffice development list, too.  After watching the video, I feel I
can do it programmatically.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AlA7HFwxDSU

    (The original Apple iPod Ad)

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NlHUz99l-eo

    And then I presented it in the lightning talk in COSCUP 2012
Taiwan a week after, on 2012-08-18.

http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tEhz0zNmTFQ

    The files used in the presentation is here for download. ^_*'

http://people.apache.org/~imacat/stop-motion-calc.zip

    There is a hidden black button at A1 of the first sheet.  Click
on the button to start the animation.

    It seems that the talk without talk and the fresh-typed
presentation is too cool that many people did not notice what I
presented. :p  But it helps to fill up the room when I presented an
introduction to Apache OpenOffice 3.4 the next day.

    Welcome to download and try Calc Mosaic.

    Hope you like it!   Your comment is welcome! ^_*'

imacat ^_*'
imacat@mail.imacat.idv.tw
2012-08-24
